Deprecate buildpack (#243)
heroku/heroku-buildpack-static: README.md

# heroku-buildpack-static

**NOTE**: This buildpack is in an experimental OSS project.

This is a buildpack for handling static sites and single page web apps.

For a guide, read the [Getting Started with Single Page Apps on Heroku](https://gist.github.com/hone/24b06869b4c1eca701f9).

> # heroku-buildpack-static

Reviewer: This heading seems to be duplicated?

## WARNING: `heroku-buildpack-static` is deprecated

This buildpack is deprecated and is no longer being maintained.
If you are using this project, you can transition over to NGINX via an NGINX buildpack.
Use your project's existing configuration.
To find the NGINX configuration generated by the heroku-buildpack-static you can run:

```
$ heroku run bash
~ $ bin/config/make-config
~ $ cat config/nginx.conf
```

These commands will output your current NGINX config generated from your `static.json` contents.

- Write these contents to your local repo at `config/nginx.conf.erb`, commit them to git.
- Replace path logic that previously used `mruby` with static logic.

> - Configure your app to use the NGINX buildpack via `heroku buildpacks:add https://github.com/heroku/heroku-buildpack-nginx`.

Reviewer: In general I'd recommend the buildpack registry aliases over the GitHub URLs:

```suggestion
- Configure your app to use the NGINX buildpack via `heroku buildpacks:add heroku-community/nginx`.
```

> - Remove this buildpack via `heroku buildpacks:remove https://github.com/heroku/heroku-buildpack-static`

Reviewer: They could also be using it via `heroku-community/static`
